Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, we are good.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Nice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Get me cozy up on a someplace where I'm not moving.
Gwenevere Abriel: Prop me up somewhere like on a shell for a table nightstand or I'm not shaking
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice.
Melissa Harrison: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: For you, Mr Harrison, you're going to have a birthday in June, huh.
Melissa Harrison: Yes, can
Gwenevere Abriel: You hear me we should I may have a 2022 98
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, this is our first time meeting. Aside from that, bio psychosocial enrolling into group. This is our first time we get to do nitty gritty.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or nothing whatever you want.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let me open up a note for us. Well, why don't we start light and fluffy and kind of tell me what's it like to work for Domino's these days.
Melissa Harrison: Yeah, like it. Sometimes it can be kind of stressful. Like, especially for like short staffed by, like, if it's like super, super busy, but I mean, it's all really simple stuff. So it's not hard to stay focused, you know,
Melissa Harrison: For that I was a medical records director at a nursing home.
Melissa Harrison: So it started out as the receptionist and then the position became open, so I just
Melissa Harrison: Said Screw it. I'm going to go for it. So I got promoted to that and I stayed there for like almost a year, but it was just super, super stressful and all the regulations and everything. So I was like, no, I need a break from
Gwenevere Abriel: Before you took a break.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's clarify break
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you give two weeks notice and
Melissa Harrison: I know, yeah, they love me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just checking.
Melissa Harrison: Yeah, you're good. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see what we got.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, and the money that you earn does it go. I think you live with your sister.
Melissa Harrison: Yeah, yeah. She just recently moved in within the last month. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it a two bedroom. What, what kind of environment is up.
Gwenevere Abriel: To
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how did that come about this. Your sister is moving in with him.
Melissa Harrison: Happened because when coronavirus sort of being extreme domino started cutting hours. So I went from being full time to being part time so I needed her collaboration to come in just to like help with bells, a little bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and what about on her. And that's what you needed, but what it should. What was her reasons for wanting to move in.
Melissa Harrison: Before that I see if you remember from our previous things like she has issues with drugs.
Man.
Melissa Harrison: And so yes, exactly. And so she um she got better, like a couple of years ago I was in Texas, at the time, and she
Melissa Harrison: got put on probation. And last year, she got a probation violation and she did six months in jail. And then she did six months in a rehab. So when she came back living with my dad and she's 27 about to be 28 she really wasn't liking that. And so
Melissa Harrison: For her benefit because she got out of my dad's house.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what's your dad like tell me about even for 27 year old. What did you imagine what's going on over there.
Melissa Harrison: Um, well, I mean very strict in his ways and super religious um he doesn't really like the whole drug thing.
Melissa Harrison: So he was always really hard on her. It was hard for him to like trust her. So he was always like triple checking on her. And I'm sure that made her pretty frustrated because she is 27 years old.
Melissa Harrison: But like, at the same time. Like, I mean, it comes with being around
Melissa Harrison: Yeah, my dad have a pretty good relationship. He definitely isn't you know he's not proud of what happened to me.
Melissa Harrison: But he seems pretty proud of my I'm taking it so far, usually call him after my group meetings and I call him if I talk to my probation officer, pretty much. She's with me like STEP AND STEP through everything.
Gwenevere Abriel: And for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was his religious bent as intense when you were a teenager.
Melissa Harrison: And little by little progress.
Melissa Harrison: Because he started out as a like alcohol and drug either, but he got clean and sober and he started out with Christianity.
Melissa Harrison: And where I came back from Texas, like two years ago, and pretty much since then he's been more on the like Judaism side. OK, so the Sabbath, and he celebrate Hanukkah and like
Melissa Harrison: Shabbat Shalom and stuff like that. I don't know you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just get out mitzvah and you're just gonna throw out yet. I should just gonna throw a few words.
Melissa Harrison: But
Melissa Harrison: Sometimes I do not understand.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh my gosh. Well, you got to ask him what the word schmuck means if that puts a smile on his face.
Melissa Harrison: What is it
Gwenevere Abriel: MCC
Gwenevere Abriel: MCC schmuck
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't do it. I'm kidding. Don't do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think it means penis.
Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I should have looked it up before I was using it all the time. I go, what a schmuck kind of germ.
Melissa Harrison: Probably heard that before. And I've never really known exactly the meaning
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It stopped. As soon as I found out what it was. I was like, oh no, that that is in so many settings, not the right choice of words.
Gwenevere Abriel: So okay, so don't repeat that after this session.
Melissa Harrison: No, ma'am.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so we've got a little sense of that. And so how long has. Have you been living with your sister.
Melissa Harrison: It's been about a month.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's your name,
Gwenevere Abriel: Mariah. Oh, I can remember Mariah. Why no why
Melissa Harrison: Why
Gwenevere Abriel: I've got a little dog down the street called Mariah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is so sweet, sweet dog that dog. She's just like to
Gwenevere Abriel: Finish Danielle hyper about it, jump all over me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so Mariah chill and so she's 27 and
Gwenevere Abriel: And just did you grow up with her where she
Melissa Harrison: Yeah, yeah. Um, and her grew up together when she turned 18 she went she moved all the house and
Melissa Harrison: He would like kind of Mia for like a year and then she went to Texas for a couple years, came back. I'm pretty much anytime that she was like really really using
Melissa Harrison: And she didn't really want the family to know we didn't really hear from her like she was at the point where she didn't even want to have. She didn't care about having a cell phone. She didn't care about having a car drivers license any of that because
Melissa Harrison: You know, it would make her liable for it. And so she just kind of took the easy route and like, so I didn't really hear from her for like a good five years, but I was already kind of older than
Melissa Harrison: But since I've been back from Texas, we've been pretty in sync. I would call her like every couple of days while she was in jail every month, I would go and visit her and rehab. So, I mean, we're pretty close because my mom wasn't around he kind of spun up raise me a little bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: There we go. Oh, praise and when you notice how she talks to you how she interacts with you. Can you tell that she's in a recovery mindset.
Melissa Harrison: You know, sometime
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, tell me, tell me about that when you notice. Hmm, maybe this isn't so
Melissa Harrison: Well,
Melissa Harrison: I don't know if you go over different moods.
Melissa Harrison: And she's very, very much right now in the point of her life where no matter if she's using or not she like trying to show that she is doesn't need my dad's help anymore.
Melissa Harrison: She's really proud about stuff.
Melissa Harrison: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me more about trying to show. Tell me about the trying to show what does that if I was watching what would she be saying or doing were like, is she trying too hard.
Melissa Harrison: Um, well.
Melissa Harrison: Well, one circumstance is usually it's me that finds her stuff.
Melissa Harrison: I'm usually not even looking for it. I just usually end up like stumbling upon it, and I'm like, where I like what is going on here. And I could tell the first time because I already had suspicions, just because she she tends to be more
Melissa Harrison: On Mia when she's doing stuff, you know, I mean, I live with her and like I'll notice because she was like, welcome home where like, she'll be gone for a couple days and I'm like really
Melissa Harrison: And I found a piece with some with like a baggie with some method, it just the other week actually.
Melissa Harrison: Yeah, and
Melissa Harrison: Like I wasn't sure how to react to it. Like, I went up there and I was like, why, like, what is going on here.
Melissa Harrison: And she pretty much was like I've done it like three times since I've been out and I'm doing good. Like I just got stressed out a little bit and like I could tell from looking at it like looking at the piece that it definitely had not only been used three times, you know,
Melissa Harrison: It was like it was getting ready to, like, change color. You know how pieces do I don't know actually, if you know
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know.
I
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, I do.
Melissa Harrison: Because I smoke weed like you'll get a piece, it will be clear. The more you smoke it rather than will change the color to like a pretty purple or something.
Melissa Harrison: And I didn't know that my thesis, did the same thing until I saw her. Is what the change color on it. Honestly, but it went from being clear when I have like when I like
Melissa Harrison: First had suspicions and then like last week or the week before that it was like a lavender color. And that was just like, it was like, are you kidding. And so like she doesn't spend a lot of time here recently.
Melissa Harrison: Like me and my daughter time in the hopper, how we can, but mainly how you can tell is that she's
Melissa Harrison: Am I not. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Much like what she did what she was right going off to Texas. She just just disappear. She is GHOST Everybody, and she okay
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, let's do some some real time stuff here. What was that like to tell me and real time really what's going on with Mariah.
Melissa Harrison: It's hard, you know, I mean, like I said, this is what you're here for. So like in my head, I have to keep telling myself like it's okay like just talk about it.
Melissa Harrison: But it's kind of hard. Just because like I care about her so much, and she's my sister and like, yeah, like we're both struggling right now, but I feel like my struggles are nothing compared to what she's going through right now and I just
Melissa Harrison: I hope that she you know doesn't mess up again because I mean so sick if she does like if she doesn't get clean, like she could like actually go to like president or something and I don't want that for her.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, let's let's come back to you for a minute. We talked about Mariah for a little while and then you shared kind of this conflictual thing. I know you know, talking with therapist is the right thing to do, but it's same time
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't want her to get a trial of, well, it's confidential and I'm not gonna let she's gonna kill someone or abusing a child or elderly, I'm not gonna not gonna do anything.
Melissa Harrison: We're then
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I'm not calling the Popo like over here, you know, well you gotta swing by that house. Tell you what gets you some
Gwenevere Abriel: Fans up. So, but let's talk about how I know you're feeling for her. What might happen to her.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you're my client. Yeah. And I'm worried about you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And obviously, in a family system. I care about everyone because it impacts you so just staying with how you feel. Are you already told me
Gwenevere Abriel: You went over under her side and you read about her worried about her worried about her. In fact, and you notice I'm not going to benefit from having my sister around
Melissa Harrison: You know the
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. Then there's you, how am I going to feel I'm going to miss her. She was kind of like a mom to me and you really like this kind of best friend.
Melissa Harrison: No, yeah, it's stressful. Um, I remember after I found the stock.
Melissa Harrison: She actually wasn't home when I found it so like I had a period of time in between her doing like we finally have in her coming home.
Melissa Harrison: Yeah, and so I called one of my friends, um, he's, he's like, not one of my closest friends, but he knows her really well.
Melissa Harrison: And he's probably the biggest advocate when it comes to not doing drugs and not drinking and stuff like that. So he's kind of my go to ensure no because I have a different mindset than other people will
Melissa Harrison: And I bawled my eyes out to him on the phone afterwards and I just didn't know what to do and what I kept telling him was, I'm tired of feeling like I need to be the older sister.
Melissa Harrison: Because it's stressful because I want to be there for her. I want to hop here about the same time I'm only 21 years old, I can't tell her what to do.
Melissa Harrison: You know she's gonna look at me and be like, we are equals here we share this House, you're not going to control me you know type of a thing. So it makes it hard to know like what do I even do I just wrap my head all the time, but
Melissa Harrison: My dad's a lot of help for that too.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's some good advice sage advice that you get from your friend and from your dad.
Melissa Harrison: Pretty much all a Tommy is that the more pressure we put on her, the more she's gonna feel like she gonna slip up because she's gonna be all stressed out.
Melissa Harrison: And so they pretty much told me that I just need to be there for her. I try to spend as much time with her. I can try to get her and activities that like
Melissa Harrison: She can't just sneak away and go do something or I mean I don't really see her doing that, like sneaking away to do drag from me but like
Melissa Harrison: Just in general like trying to keep her busy and keep her focus on things other than that because like I know she has friends that will help her out to lunch with those friends I worry, I try to just like limit the
Melissa Harrison: The amount of time that she has to mess up, I guess.
Melissa Harrison: I don't know, it's been it's been robbed. Hmm, you know, and okay
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, let me just see if that's actually what dad and friend were saying
Melissa Harrison: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: If anybody ever gets a text to you. It'll. It'll knock out your video or your audio.
Melissa Harrison: My probation officer just texted me and it
Melissa Harrison: was funny.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yeah.
Melissa Harrison: We were supposed to meet yesterday and she was super busy so she wanted to reschedule. And she was asking if we could check in, but I'm going to tell her. I'll be available in like a like.
Melissa Harrison: I like to 30 yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I just want to check and see if this was an interpretation or this was actual advice from dead or I'm going to put down friend together. So I'm just going to
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of dad advice was the advice you need to keep Mariah busy. You need to keep her. So she didn't have any time for self shouldn't get yourself in trouble.
Melissa Harrison: I mean not exact wording. Now, he said, like do the best year ability, like my dad, especially he's getting to the point where he's frustrated and he doesn't know what to do. So you know that you can
Melissa Harrison: Help her
Melissa Harrison: Because she's like she's no longer in my house. I can't do anything like she'll even like respond to his call. She's completely ghosting have at this point.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does your dad now and now I'm being specific about him and not friend does your dad know what I now know that you are tired of being a parent.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tomorrow,
Gwenevere Abriel: She knows that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Has it ever gotten
Gwenevere Abriel: Really bad where you were managing her emotional well being at the sacrifice of your own.
Melissa Harrison: Um,
Melissa Harrison: I mean, I guess, in a in an extreme situation. Yes, before she went to like not recently, but before she went to jail. This last time.
Melissa Harrison: Me and her were both living at my dad's because that was about two years ago and I had just moved back to Texas. So until I found my place. I was staying at my dad's
Melissa Harrison: And me and her shared a room and I would wake up to like use the bathroom or something, she would have a candle on and organize up
Melissa Harrison: And I'd be really confusing for like Mariah like what are you doing, why don't you go to bed like all this stuff and I later found out that she was lighting a candle so that my dad or me wouldn't be able to hear her lighting the lighter every time she went to her pipe.
Melissa Harrison: And we lived in like we shared a bedroom. We were sleeping on bunk beds.
Melissa Harrison: Hop on so I was like this is not cool. And I remember getting ready for work. One morning, and she pulled it out to do it and I legit just started bawling my eyes out to her.
Melissa Harrison: And I was just so upset. I was like, why I'm sitting here getting ready for work and you're just laying there thinking that this is okay.
Melissa Harrison: Like this is not okay, it's like not only, like, is it not okay for you, but like you're disrespecting Dad's house you're disrespecting me
Melissa Harrison: I was like, you know, I don't want that around me, and she wasn't listening to me. And so after a couple more time. That's when I finally
Melissa Harrison: I texted my dad as, like, Dad, I'm sitting here again, getting ready for work and this is going on. And so he left work.
Melissa Harrison: Waited around the corner. When I left a bit of work he pulled in walked in the door like as if I forgotten something walked in and Carter. Yeah. And that is what sent her back.
Melissa Harrison: And so like it's been traumatic experience between me and her just trying to figure out how we're supposed to co exist when we know each other so well and want to help each other, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so that was an example of when you sacrifice to your own emotional well being. For hers, but it also you shared there was a limit you reached the limit, and then you fold in
Gwenevere Abriel: The rules, the guy that has rules and it worked. I think he showed up and it sounds like he got her the police involved.
Melissa Harrison: Yeah, no. Yeah, he's really adamant about that. He's very much about the lie, he didn't like drugs he does really good with that. I remember
Melissa Harrison: Gosh, junior year. I think I got suspended for being a high at school. I didn't have anything on me, but I'm
Melissa Harrison: That I had to sit there and wait for my dad to show up in the office to come get me. And it was after school time
Melissa Harrison: And I know you've been sitting there for like an hour and he came in and you really went through everything in my backpack for them to try to find something on me because he wanted me to get expelled like he's very much about that, you know,
Melissa Harrison: You pretty intense. He has no problem like calling the cops are doing what needs to be done.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: So that, and that's interesting. So I'm just trying to taking it in trying to get, get the landscape of what your life is like.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: But notice now.
Gwenevere Abriel: How you're starting to get tired.
Gwenevere Abriel: And for you kind of do it two or three times where she was smoking, but it was right in your presence and then you call dad and then accountability was in the picture.
Gwenevere Abriel: I wonder how tired, you'll have to get
Gwenevere Abriel: Before she's held accountable.
Melissa Harrison: You know, that is that is that is the question right there.
Melissa Harrison: Something is this is all about.
Gwenevere Abriel: Isn't that why you're crying with your friend and
Melissa Harrison: No, yeah, I mean, and it's because I mean it wasn't that long ago that I found it and every single time I looked at her. I told her I was like I wasn't even trying to find it on you.
Melissa Harrison: Like I wasn't even looking for anything when I was going to like grab something else I was going to the bathroom and boom.
Gwenevere Abriel: It.
Melissa Harrison: Was like, and if you're slipping up with me what to do out there. I was like, are you going to slip up are you going to get in trouble. Like what are you thinking because you're slipping up the music and comfortable and you shouldn't be getting comfortable
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's go back to you again.
Yeah.
Melissa Harrison: It's just, no, I don't know, I feel conflicted every single time I get confronted with the situation because I don't really know a whole lot about like
Melissa Harrison: All how like all the seriousness, like I know like she needs to not be doing drugs, but I don't know exactly what happens to her. She gets caught and like all this different stuff. And so it makes me feel like I'm in this situation either I'd be the homie. I'd be like the parents are
Melissa Harrison: Either like
Melissa Harrison: A stranger that calls the cops, you know,
Melissa Harrison: Just like I have all these roles going through my head and I'm not sure what to take and it usually takes me a while to even do anything about it because I just, it's, it's a lot of comprehensive, a lot of
Melissa Harrison: Not power, but it's a lot that I have to like decide on my own kind.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and you didn't ask for that now.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to tell me what emotion you feel in that conflict, all that burden that unasked for burden that is placed on your shoulders. What's the emotion that you feel
Melissa Harrison: Disappointed.
Melissa Harrison: It's stressful but I feel like more than anything. Like I feel like my heart literally sink everytime I have to deal with it because it's like
Melissa Harrison: No, yeah, disappointed. I mean, it's like, I want to be there for her but this just keeps happening.
Melissa Harrison: And it is it's it's tiring that feeling of upsetting.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you noticing when you have that disappointment and sad that you end up thinking about wanting to escape into weed or something so
Melissa Harrison: You know, at first I thought it was going to do something like that. But most of the time. Once I'm really thinking about it, like it gets me where I want to cry.
Melissa Harrison: Hmm, and that exact moment. I don't want to do anything.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yet when I
Melissa Harrison: See what's going on with her and it makes me feel like
Melissa Harrison: Like
Melissa Harrison: I can't really get on her about something, if I'm doing the same thing, just on a much smaller level, you know, if
Melissa Harrison: I need to be sober. So I can deal with all of this and I can help her, because if I'm sitting there all high when I tell her not to get high on something else, then how she supposed to take me seriously.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay so inadvertently. It sounds less homey.
Gwenevere Abriel: And more like a parent take care of the situation that just now went
Gwenevere Abriel: Over to handle sister there. You just moved into sort of a really responsible mindset. You don't want to be a hypocrite. You don't want to be called out on your Burt use when you're trying to call someone else on it that kind of right in that space.
Melissa Harrison: And I keep one wanting to like I give trying to talk to her about like, it's like, yeah, like I'm in this program now like I'm focusing on me getting clean from drinking
Melissa Harrison: And like, that's a big thing for me. Just because you know all of my friends drink hard for me to go to a social gathering without dealing with like
Melissa Harrison: Awesome. And so, I mean, I stand for her, that it's hard to and I keep bringing after her. It's like, why don't we do this together. You know, why don't we both say we're going to go sober.
Melissa Harrison: How it goes and she's not really at this place in her mind right now, I think, to go for that, but I'm hoping that that will change.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go a little deeper.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you didn't go to the parent role of disappointed. I'm disappointed and I'm sad that you're you know that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: What about just sister.
Gwenevere Abriel: The fact that this burden is on your shoulders. Now what emotion. Do you feel
Melissa Harrison: Sad.
Melissa Harrison: The sad.
Melissa Harrison: I mean, it sucks being the sister going and visiting her and rehab every month, you know, getting this year, while she was in jail for those six months, putting money on her bugs. It took a lot. And so to go through all of that.
Melissa Harrison: And then to see her out here, not in the same extent but still doing what she was doing before.
Melissa Harrison: It's just, it's it's upsetting because it's like, well, what is it going to take them because like I just want her to be better.
Melissa Harrison: And I just see that she's not better.
Gwenevere Abriel: When your dad showed up that last time.
Gwenevere Abriel: What was the emotion. He had
Melissa Harrison: Um, I don't know. I already driven away.
Gwenevere Abriel: You drop my. That's right.
Melissa Harrison: Yeah, I didn't want to be involved in that exact
Melissa Harrison: Situation. I was like, that is between y'all because I had to get to work. And I just, I couldn't deal with them.
Gwenevere Abriel: And later on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Which by the way you ended up choosing a role when you did that, didn't you
Gwenevere Abriel: What do we call that one where Hey Dad, you work this out. This is your daughter. What do we call that, what role are you in when you're like dad handle your own kid.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sister okay I got, I got a frickin job to go to. It's not my kid this right
Gwenevere Abriel: What
Melissa Harrison: One that has the real authority over her right now. Like what's gonna happen. It's like she she feels comfortable enough to pull out in front of me, knowing that I don't like it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that, what's that feeling.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's that one.
Melissa Harrison: That one is honestly just
Melissa Harrison: It makes me a little mad. Sometimes, honestly.
Melissa Harrison: Because, I mean,
Melissa Harrison: Like I don't do, man. What if I was to do, man. I wouldn't do it around like let's say my little brother or something, you know,
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's selfish.
Melissa Harrison: That that's a very good word.
Gwenevere Abriel: Insensitive of you because it puts you in danger.
Melissa Harrison: No. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not movie.
Melissa Harrison: It's been
Melissa Harrison: It's been a little tense lately. Just because and I told her, when she moved in. I was like, I don't want none of this coming in my house.
Melissa Harrison: I was like, yeah, you want to, you want to take a chance with your probation and stuff. I was like, but I'm on probation to now. Like, it's not just you, that can get in trouble was like, if it's in the house. We both live in the house.
Melissa Harrison: I was like, I don't know how all that works, but I'm sure they could pin something on me if they really wanted to
Melissa Harrison: Like I'm not getting in trouble for a drug. I've never done. It's like if I have an issue with something. Yeah, I'll take the charge
Melissa Harrison: Like, but this isn't my issue is, like, so I don't want it in the house is like, I don't want my cat sniffing whatever smoke you blow out of it, you know, something like that. And so the fact that I have on a piece on here.
Melissa Harrison: Really really upsets me, you know, just because like I like I have my database. I was like, I don't know what steps to take. Next, like, I don't know what the game plan is here because obviously she took everything that I said, and just kind of toss it out the window and
Melissa Harrison: Do herself. You know, so selfish really is a good word.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so I guess I am a little surprised. Did you minimize a little bit with that.
Melissa Harrison: Um, you know, at first I would just say like I'm super worried
Melissa Harrison: Yeah.
Melissa Harrison: And me and him. Well, me and her went over to his house, just a couple days later.
Melissa Harrison: To have our. We do family dinner every week she usually doesn't go I usually try to go though because my little brother.
But
Melissa Harrison: And he he could just tell by looking at her. I mean, she's lost weight. You can, you can always see it in her cheekbones, because those shrinking immediately and
Melissa Harrison: So he called her out on it.
Melissa Harrison: In front of me and was just like, right, like, what is going on like me and your sister worried and we're all pretty open about like the issue and roll confrontational about it and I was like, Dad.
Melissa Harrison: Because you tried to sit there and say that she didn't have like a problem that she wasn't doing anything. And I was like, dad was like she knows what I'm about to say like, but I found this to, like, yeah, we are dealing with an issue here.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what does it look like when you said, I found a rock.
Melissa Harrison: He honestly looked like he was gonna cry like he was that upset.
Melissa Harrison: Cuz i mean it's it's weird to see her like this. Because growing up were both homeschooled because of my dad's second wife.
Melissa Harrison: And so while she was in our life were homeschooled. Right. I love being homeschooled. She did it before her. She did it after her. She did it for her entire like middle school and high school like career, whatever. And I went in from third grade until seventh grade, and so like
Melissa Harrison: She we did all the different activities. She did Scott was country dancing the bay choir piano, guitar. She had all these different talents. I mean, she went to Kansas City for nationals for speech and debate and she's a very talented.
Melissa Harrison: young male. I always looked up to her so much. So to see her go from that super high
Melissa Harrison: To be in over here and not doing as well as she was, you know, since she started doing drugs, it's just, it's been a whole different experience because I'm used to the old Mariah.
Melissa Harrison: Because a lot of this happened, and she was gone. And then I was in Texas, and then I came back and then we were together a little bit. And then she was in jail.
Melissa Harrison: So it's just, it's been a roller coaster because it's just you look at her and you see like Mariah Mariah. And then they gotta realize like, there's more issues here now.
Melissa Harrison: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So just now. You did it just naturally you can see Mariah. And then you went, then you can see the issue. So this is a place I want to, I want to talk about for a second.
Gwenevere Abriel: Talk about
Gwenevere Abriel: This may not be of use to you, but it certainly helps me and a lot of people so Ryan's on one side and the addict and that's the term.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is going to be
Gwenevere Abriel: So you don't have to draw. I'm just giving you a visual to say that if you conceptualize
Gwenevere Abriel: Your sister isn't living with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't have a sister living with them, just hold that thought for a second.
Melissa Harrison: Now, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: What you have is
Gwenevere Abriel: A narcissistic. Selfish. Indulgent inconsiderate.
Gwenevere Abriel: At it. The only cares about lying so that she can get to her next. Hi, and I know no one likes to hear that. But I think that's because you're thinking of her
Gwenevere Abriel: As your sister. And who wants to have a sister like that sisters out there. Your sister is making choices.
Gwenevere Abriel: That are about making sure she gets she gets that next euphoria and she will do, meaning the attic will do anything because the addict doesn't have a moral compass the attic only cares about manipulating whatever environment is around that might get in her way of getting what she wants.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your sister, however, doesn't do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your sister is kind and funny and intelligent and talented.
Gwenevere Abriel: And do you remember the first question I asked about your sister. Do you remember what that was.
Gwenevere Abriel: Which when you first came in and we just brought it up. I said, they'll sound familiar. Once I say it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Would you recognize when your sister is in. Do you remember I started with that. And that's because I have this understanding
Gwenevere Abriel: And we will our way into it and then sure enough. Now here comes some details. Things are not so rosy.
Melissa Harrison: No. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: More than tension.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's not just
Gwenevere Abriel: That we're so tight.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's more than that really
Gwenevere Abriel: There's a big burden placed on your shoulder, and you didn't ask for this and and it took you a long time to get too mad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sister, the same one that was like
Gwenevere Abriel: There's an addict to my bunk bed. This is a frickin junkie and my bunk bed for crying out loud. What is that
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, get the junk out of this bed.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, yeah, your sister wasn't there.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's happening again. And I know I'm gonna be here with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is
Gwenevere Abriel: really inconvenient.
Gwenevere Abriel: But only because you're over on first side imagining what it would be like to be
Gwenevere Abriel: Incarcerated imagine what it would be like to be in a rehab and you feel for her.
Gwenevere Abriel: You feel for your sister.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's your sister's voice right now you're going to hear it. You'll see this in group a lot to you'll see my hands going like this, me, me, me, me, me.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you'll be like, this is the addict. Hey screw screw screw Melissa. We don't need her anyway. We just need
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, where did she put that rock, by the way. Remember, she mentioned, she found it. Do you know where it is, where do you think she put it, she think she classical god Oh, she didn't flush it
Gwenevere Abriel: Seriously, like that's what the scheming little
Melissa Harrison: About investment. I mean,
Melissa Harrison: Drag on
Melissa Harrison: So her question was, well, did you flush it
Melissa Harrison: Wasn't anything besides that she tried to be like, Well, are you sure it's math in the bag. And I was like, yes, I'm sure I know what that looks like. And she was like, Well, did you flush it and I was like Yammer I flush it right away. So no, I mean, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I wasn't even there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, because the perspective is only about. Did she just say she's just say my first iraq war in Iraq, your sisters voice down here that says
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, look at my dad's face.
Gwenevere Abriel: Look at my sister. Look at her.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, and then goes like this and gets mad at the addict inside this is our inner voice right this is going on. So just imagine I'm your sister that's going on that dialogue is going on. But here's the problem.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your sisters voice is so low.
Gwenevere Abriel: This one is dominant. And it's not just my hands. It's not just a metaphor. This is actually when we take the silliness. And we take words away from it. What's happening is chemical
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't think any of your let's say crime if you're like, Well, I'm going to kill myself. If you don't stop. God forbid. But my point is hoping to leverage that this attic is going to give a shit.
Melissa Harrison: Word.
Man.
Gwenevere Abriel: That addict isn't what's looking at the, the, your sister isn't the one viewing the world right now. What's happening is it's just chemical it's just
Gwenevere Abriel: That feeling that comes from that substance that doesn't mean that she gets where we as humans get we get this much from
Gwenevere Abriel: Sunset that much from a good orgasm, we get this much for me. Yeah, from chocolate cake. Okay, so here's what mass does
Melissa Harrison: Really
Gwenevere Abriel: That much joking. So what you do is you flood this brain of yours with this massive amount of it. And guess what the brains like
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, this is what we've been waiting for this is the only thing that matters. This is it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And when it's not there, the crippling depression that follows when she's not taking it.
Gwenevere Abriel: The potential for suicidal ideation. The absolutely feeling like doing nothing that emptiness that follows without this now the brain just wants this. I don't care about know sunset sure don't care about your feelings.
Melissa Harrison: No. Yeah.
Melissa Harrison: Yes, you know, I can tell, just like I can tell that definitely want to ride lapa because when she got out of rehab. Actually, they
Melissa Harrison: Were the ones that suggested her to get her medical card because they're hoping if she could smoke weed. She wouldn't go back to me.
Melissa Harrison: And so she got her medical card and she got out a probation officer like said it was good to go. But I've noticed that like because she'll go out with her friend or whatever and all know what she was doing, you know, I'm not
Melissa Harrison: completely clueless all the time. But, um, and she'll come home.
Melissa Harrison: And I can tell that like she's still trying to ride the wave because she'll sit there and like yeah like I have my mid part like yes we does my favorite drug, but I'm over here like
Melissa Harrison: I like, well, maybe smoke a bowl at night, but I don't sit there. I don't want to be high, every day, like all day long, you know,
Melissa Harrison: It's like I've got other stuff going on. It's like, I don't have time, like I'm doing this. I'm doing that and like with her. It's like she's trying to cram in smoking weed every time she gets
Melissa Harrison: To try to ride the high for as long as she can.
Melissa Harrison: And so I was like, Well, I don't know if that ended up being a negative thing or what because she's taking it from it. Just being the thing that helped her not be a stressful, or take off some of the cravings to where she's using it to aid her issues.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're in a unique and will kind of have to kind of end with that. But, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: You're in an interesting position because on one hand you keep bouncing it back to your own norm, you keep sort of justifying certain behaviors, based on yourself. We all do it. Well, I'm the reference standard then well I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: model citizen or maybe your dad is the reference standard. I don't know what it is, but these granting things are really funny. I just see them.
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, I know.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's so convenient that my glasses are right here. Anyway, so, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: It's tricky because you're having to look at your own behavior and it might be you're justifying her addictive behavior.
Gwenevere Abriel: And made worse by even dad didn't call the Popo
Gwenevere Abriel: And now that's confusing.
Melissa Harrison: Yeah.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the pressure is back on you know you can't even call dad that heavy hand to come in and lay down the law.
You
Melissa Harrison: Know, you've gotten to the point where he is like he's pretty much done trying like he's done everything in his power. I mean, he's bought her two different cars.
Melissa Harrison: He helped with her commissary. I mean, he opened up his room by room in his house to her anytime she needed it. And like, it's just, he just keeps in his in his mind giving like quote unquote show on, you know, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: You're gonna get shit on
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to just imagine that you do get
Gwenevere Abriel: A VIP because of this and you're going to spend even if the end result is you get cleared. You're gonna lose your job, you'd be held in custody.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to have this on your record, the stress of what if because it's a system I sit here and listen to you all the time that new system ain't ain't too good.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm just saying, I'm listening. I'm like, Dang. I'm glad I don't live over there.
Melissa Harrison: No. Yeah, it's definitely different than like in taxes and stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: Anyway, so what if you get lost in that
Gwenevere Abriel: If it's only just
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean you're not taking maybe a moment and saying how maybe you might want to know what might happen maybe your PO. Maybe I need to have a conversation with that one, you
Gwenevere Abriel: Know me having one, like, Well, what happened in my accountable for who I live with. Am I not supposed to be around illegal substances.
Gwenevere Abriel: Think that might be part of a stipulation. And what would happen if I am. How are you going to be at your sister. Wait a minute, how pissed. Are you going to be at the attic, who's living with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because that does not care about you going to jail. You understand that you're treating your sister.
Gwenevere Abriel: With friendship, the attic is hustling, you
Melissa Harrison: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just say
Melissa Harrison: No. Yeah, no, that's a really good, really good food for thought thing to be rallying my head today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Definitely not that, but
Melissa Harrison: No, it's okay, I need
Melissa Harrison: To happen, you know, but that's what this is here for
Gwenevere Abriel: And don't put yourself in the mix just just assume clean and sober you it's sister, it's authentic you because you've got a piece of this in there too. It's just you.
Gwenevere Abriel: The one that can go. I know I need to get things done on that one. The one that knows I need to have a clear mind it messes with clarity, it messes with productivity messes with that, I want to have that clear sharp mind I want it working optimally. I need to have my head straight
Gwenevere Abriel: That one that part of the self that voice that you have inside of you. That's the one that needs to make the decision about your boundaries and and who you're actually living with
Melissa Harrison: No, yeah, you're right.
Melissa Harrison: Like keep letting my other thoughts get in the way and it's just like, like I cover so much that makes it hard. So, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You, you are looking out for your sister.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your the addict isn't looking out for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you can get up and how you're going to feel when you're in jail, and she's out
Gwenevere Abriel: Out and you can't even reach her because she's M. I. A.
Gwenevere Abriel: That is some kind of altered universe. What is that story.
Melissa Harrison: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just saying.
Melissa Harrison: No thank you.
Melissa Harrison: I mean it's realistic is what it is.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I had a little scared for you, right, I got scared, cuz I'm like
Gwenevere Abriel: Like
Gwenevere Abriel: Initial right next to that and won't associate with people engaging in illegal activities. I bet you put your initials like
Gwenevere Abriel: And then went to the next one route and then went to the next one prayer.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: So all right, let's schedule another appointment, do you kind of know
Gwenevere Abriel: Next week,
Melissa Harrison: Um, I don't, because it kind of hits, but it shouldn't be any different than this week's okay
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go for it. I do need for the next 30 days. We're not going to overanalyze it we're going to meet every single week for individual therapy every single week for group.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're going to get that down pat. Then we'll lift her heads up and go okay, how we doing
Gwenevere Abriel: And then we'll figure out the next play but 30 days real tight every single week every single week. Okay, don't let anything with this. This is a doctor's appointment. There's going to be in fact because I've got to write a report every Thursday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, okay.
So good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good no detail. So I just wish there was
Melissa Harrison: No. Yeah, I understand.
Melissa Harrison: Boring. So yeah, the way I think it says that
Gwenevere Abriel: I should include it say whether she was whether she attended this date that day group was this. She was compliant. It is my opinion and you'll probably hear it here in in there. If they do reads it can't tell. Yet such a new program.
Gwenevere Abriel: Has been whatever let me stay focused so
Gwenevere Abriel: I do think it would benefit you to explore sober network just see the horizon for people that they may not look as fun but don't judge them yet, check them out. You know, I mean, I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Because people, places and things. That's no joke that that does make a difference.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And there's real significant consequence to you. So okay, so I'm looking right now at the week of May 4 through May 8
Gwenevere Abriel: Put it on Tuesday. Okay. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you just got on. That's it. So you weren't during the first part people eat pizza in the morning.
Melissa Harrison: That no yeah we'll get there at 10 o'clock in the morning and people will already be ready to order. And I'm sitting there like having just woken up like just finished my coffee. And I'm like, how do you want pizza already
Gwenevere Abriel: Was like
Gwenevere Abriel: She
Gwenevere Abriel: And listen, what's the difference. She's it's bread. OK, OK, OK, I can work with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Um so yeah so 11 would be ideal. On Wednesday, but that's not going to work for you. She'll be at work. Let's see.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, how about
Gwenevere Abriel: Thursday, May 7 at. Wait a minute. Are you going to be home by 1210 you won't be home.
I'm
Melissa Harrison: Not
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let me try something else. Let me try.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the problem if if we do May eight, which is a Friday, it leaves no other room, which means, you know, show your non compliant. So it's there. That's the problem with those Friday appointments, they kind of stopped. For that reason, because
Melissa Harrison: What time on Friday.
Gwenevere Abriel: It would be at 1:10pm
Melissa Harrison: I think I could do that.
Melissa Harrison: For me, I usually only go into help with PrEP in the morning and then I'm usually set free because they pretty much important every single employee on Friday.
Gwenevere Abriel: You'd like right now if you looked in your phone, you could see your calendars. See if there's a conflict dental appointment and
Melissa Harrison: I the only the only stuff going on right now for me is the work and then y'all. And then along with always on Tuesday, she does, because it's on zoom to
Melissa Harrison: He does she sends me a text whenever he's ready to do it and we do it. It's not like I said being it's just on Tuesdays.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, one second. I'm just worried about that Friday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, can we change. Let's just do exactly what we did.
Gwenevere Abriel: May six instead on a Wednesday at 110
Melissa Harrison: Bricks at one time.
Melissa Harrison: Okay, no. Yeah, that's fine. And like, I mean, I rushed out of work today because they're a little first. So I stayed a little late, so I rushed out of how to get home in time to do the meeting. So like they know about everything going on. And they're, they're pretty flexible with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You want to make it 115 just in case.
Melissa Harrison: That might be a nice idea. I think I plugged in today like 114 or something like that. I'm definitely a couple minutes late.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's do. Here we go next appointment. Next, your next Braveheart health
Gwenevere Abriel: Service is may 5 group.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, well, and then we have the next day may 6 at 115 Mountain Standard Time. That'll be for our individual therapy.
Melissa Harrison: All right, I've got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah see, see how you do around thinking about sort of pulling apart those set those those pieces like
Gwenevere Abriel: There's addiction mindset. There's sort of active addiction and then there's
Gwenevere Abriel: Recovery mindset, you know, as my sister, even there, just when you're starting to think about how to because you've got some tough decisions are you for sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that might help kind of tease apart what the next play might be for you, but I would want to know I would want to be fine. Now, am I
Melissa Harrison: Know, yeah 1,000% here.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, I'll see you later.
Melissa Harrison: All right, bye.
Bye.